#put ideas and papers here:

Automated algorithmic trading: machine learning and agent-based modelling in complex adaptive financial markets
https://eprints.soton.ac.uk/397453/
(Holy fuck this is 100 pages...)

This paper uses regression trees and random forests to forecast markets.

Online adaptive machine learning based algorithm for implied volatility surface modeling
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950705118304350

This paper is pretty interesting. I think we can try this one. I put a pdf of the paper in hw/final_project. 

--------Updated by Matthew--------

Three types of projects we can choose:
(1) Application of existing algorithm to a new problem and potentially new data.
(2) Algorithmic work. Extend an existing algorithm or conceive a new one to solve some problem. This inherently includes the first option because you will need to test this new algorithm on data.
(3) Theoretical work. Create a new convergence bound on a learning algorithm. Show that at some limit one learning algorithm becomes another. Etc.

I think the paper that you put in hw/final_project would be a possible option to expand.

6.1.2020
I have changed the market sentiment into two parts: 
  1. Relationship/Similarity with other tech companies, denoted as S1(t), S2(t), ..., Sn(t), where t is the time.
  2. Behavior of each tech company, denoted as B1(t), B2(t), ..., Bn(t).
Company sentiment (same as you have written):
  C(t), denoting the sentiment computed from Twitter data
 
These two will be the input parametric functions for the ML model. I designed them to be functions because the market is dynamic, and these parameters are always changing as time goes. 
Also one more important thing is that we need to have some kind of factor for the functions so that the closer to the current time, the more impact it makes on the prediction, but I haven't figure out how to design it yet...


Updated by Justin, 6/1 5:30 pm PST

What if instead of making the closer time have a larger factor, what if we use another function, W, to denote how successful how past outputs of the S and B were at predicting the market? Like if we get a value of 0.5 for S and 0.7 for B, W will be the probability that the current values of S and B will accurately predict market movement. 